- I did not test the 'Full server' backup option. 
- The 'VSS copy backup' option backs up all files and preserves application files, including log files.
- Windows Server Backup offers three storage destination types: Hard disk dedicated for backups, Volume, and Shared Network Folder.
The dedicated hard disk type is NOT supported by EXPRESSCLUSTER. Do not use it since a Blue Screen will occur when it is being configured!
- If there is a need to recover files from the backup on the standby server, only the latest backup snapshot will be available.
  - Once the backup storage, which is mirrored by EXPRESSCLUSTER, is failed over to the standby server, VSS functionality is lost. Meaning that only the LATEST snapshot is available to restore from. If trying to restore files from the remote shared server (standby server), previous snapshots will not show up as available options for restoration.
- Be sure and add the script resource (using the script files from the zip file, wsbackup_script.zip, included in this repository) to the failover group when configuring the EXPRESSCLUSTER cluster. This script will dismount and mount the mirror disk drive volume every time the group is started on a server. If the mirror disk drive is manually failed over to the secondary server and then failed back, the snapshots created before it was failed over will be maintained, allowing data recovery from previous snapshots. Without the script, if the mirror disk drive is failed over to the standby server and then failed back, only the latest snapshot can be used for data recovery.
- There is one other workaround for the scenario where the mirror drive is failed over to the standby server and then failed back to the primary server. The primary server must be rebooted, preferably while the mirror disk drive is failed over to the standby server. This action will make previous snapshots available for recovery once the mirror disk drive is failed back to the primary server. One thing about this workaround to be cautious of: if a failover/failback of the mirror disk drive occurs and the above mentioned script is not in place, previous snapshots will be lost if another backup is made while the drive is controlled by the primary server before a reboot occurs.
